Documentation for engine configuration (#2)
lambdaclass/lambda_game_engine: documentation/src/configuration/effects.md

- `skill_attributes`: Attributes changes that will be applied over the skills of the character having this effect
- `projectile_attributes`: Attributes changes that will be applied over the projectiles of the character having this effect

### Effect time type

It can be any of:
- `Instant`: Effect is executed once and removed
- `Duration`: Effect is stuck on the character for a duration
  - `duration_ms`
- `Permanent`: Effect lasts forever and can only be removed by other effects
- `Periodic`: Like an Instant, but the effect is applied many times over a period of time
  - `instant_application`: Boolean specifying if first application of effect should happen at instant 0 or not
  - `interval_ms`: Every X milliseconds the effect will be applied
  - `trigger_count`: Sets how many times the effect will be applied

For `Duration` and `Periodic` the configuration expects a JSON object with a `type` field corresponding to the type

```
{
  "type": "Duration",
  "duration_ms": 1234
}

{
  "type": "Periodic",
  "instant_application": false
  "interval_ms": 500
  "trigger_count": 4
}
```

### Attributes changes

> For the exact attributes you can modify in a character look at their specific documentation

Author: ```suggestion
The exact attributes you can change will depend on what you are modifying, so for that you will have to look at the specific documentation of each one
```
